right our first chef for today Jon
Shirota was one of the first yes to
bring delights of modern Australian
cuisine to British kitchens apart from
running a very successful restaurant in
the heart of London which have been to
several times he also has time for their
master chef
welcome to the showroom right tell us
what you're cooking again some
interesting this time I'm gonna do just
a chunk of halibut yeah with some butter
beans and chorizo but I need to get this
fish on because it's gonna take about
six minutes now right everybody go six
minutes that piece of fish will be
cooked absolutely that's all it needs
but the important thing is you can see
what i'm doing here is oil on the fish
not in the pan get your pan really hot
first yeah and then put your oil yes
this is fat what's it how cool is that
and you like my fancy pepper mill I love
your but the the piece of fish like that
now this halibut is it can be huge carry
up to 10 feet in length it's not massive
well this this is this is a very very
large piece of halibut as we say it's a
in classic way called a prompt or
whatever yeah but it's got the bone in
it and the bones going out to the
conductor but that fish is about that
wide it's a flat fish yeah so we're
wrecking that fish is probably back that
long yeah and that why it's a huge quite
thick as well you can see it's quite
deep about that brown bit at the block
that's the top top skin yeah so you feel
about the fish underneath the sand
that's the top skin and then the white
stuff on the other side is its bottom
yeah so it's a flat fish that swims and
all that it's quite deep very very cold
waters but the good thing about this is
they're farming it and they're farming
it sensibly and in huge waters out just
off of Iceland and Norway so it's it's
sustainable stop which of course these
days as far as the fish world's
concerned is really really important now
the interesting thing you've put oil on
the fish not in the pan yeah the reason
is is I that I want the pan to get
really really hot and if I get the pen
really hot and I put the oil in then the
oils gonna burn rather than cook the
fish and then we'll take the flavor so
you put that on the fish first then it
hits the hot pan straightaway but the
other thing is when you're cooking fish
like this don't touch it
if you start shaking that pan you know
people do you come out the house wearing
a shirt like that I'm singing as well I
don't know let me shortly look at the
shorts yeah believe it right anyway but
um if you start shaking that pan you get
cold air underneath there and also the
fish starts to break up and what's great
about fish like this is when it's ready
to be turned over it will come away from
the pan
itself if it doesn't come away from the
pen when you try and really know that
it's not really turnover so don't touch
it good luck good tip you need two more
shams I do need one right what else we
got in here so you got your your fish
cooking away nicely I have I have got
some onions some lots and carrot some
buttered beans and then my flavor which
is Torito if you can chop up the shalat
for we just dice it though any reason
why we've got shallot and onions in the
same dish or not they're not really is
that Italian I think you know most
people know nowadays I'm a fairly sort
of lazy cook in the fact I don't want
sort of you know do little bits and
pieces I like it rough and I like it
already
that's the secret for it's particularly
this sort of food as well I mean you
mentioned food so tell us a little bit
about that well it's Torito is basically
a the Torito chroot so whatever you want
to call it Homer we pronounce it is
basically a pork sausage and it's a pork
sausage played with paprika
yeah and it's a it's a preserved pork
sausage so it's not necessarily fresh
okay check those chops a little Spanish
really and its really yeah and it's the
become t1 is also on that to look out
for as well but the county one contains
more paprika is that right that's not
yeah there you go the entire steve
mccarron up the carrot I'm gonna use for
a bit of sweetness and this Torito you
know what there's Teresa I'm gonna use
for flavor because it's got all that
lovely paprika and stuff in it and the
salt it is actually quite you know
flavoursome but I want to be able to
cook this so that the oil in in this the
fat leeches out with the paprika and
that flavors our beans which is
basically our our staple which goes to
the whole dish